feat(manager/mint): add mint support (#17351)
renovatebot/renovate: lib/modules/manager/mint/readme.md

Renovate supports updating Mintfiles.

> [`yonaskolb/Mint` repository on GitHub](https://github.com/yonaskolb/Mint)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Go to the [`yonaskolb/Mint` repository on GitHub](https://github.com/yonaskolb/Mint) to learn more about the Mint package manager.
```

I think this is clearer about what you'll see when you click the link, and why you may want to go to the official repository. 😄

You must put the library version in the Mintfile:

```
// Good:
SwiftGen/SwiftGen@6.6.1

> realm/SwiftLint @ 0.48.0

Reviewer: > realm/SwiftLint @ 0.48.0

Are you sure that you can put spaces between the package name and the version number? It looks wrong to me, but maybe this is allowed syntax in a Mintfile. 😄

Author: Hi! Sorry for the late reply 🙇‍♂️
As you say, Mintfile allows its syntax.
Here is the test case. (https://github.com/yonaskolb/Mint/blob/master/Tests/Fixtures/Mintfile#L4)

> ### Renovate supports Mintfile updates

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Renovate supports updating Mintfiles.
```

This follows the same pattern as the other manager readmes.

> - [yonaskolb/Mint](https://github.com/yonaskolb/Mint)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[`yonaskolb/Mint` repository on GitHub](https://github.com/yonaskolb/Mint)
```

Use a more descriptive link name.

> **note**
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

Drop the `**note**` part, because the readme is short enough for users to read it in one go fully.

> You need to state the version of library in Mintfile.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You must put the library version in the Mintfile:
```

If users must do something, use the word `must`. 😉

```

> // ok

Reviewer: ```suggestion
// Good:
```

SwiftGen/SwiftGen@6.6.1
realm/SwiftLint @ 0.48.0

> // no

Reviewer: ```suggestion
// Bad:
```
